staying friends of youtube as they were
that as you smoky is bringing 13
bringing them a new video a new one
boxing made this time a product
sent totally free by the
company or what clip a lens 4 in one I
I think they are knowledgeable savvy
what is this product
this time is what the samsung is for
galaxy s 4 samsung galaxy s 5 sent
totally free we go to the revised
yes
ah
to teach that this product is something
out of the ordinary I 'm not used to
to receive lenses
for what are this
cell phones usually this is very
uncommon to be using an external entity
or a secondary lens what are
releases of cell phones since
lately, companies have been
focused a lot on improving what are the
cameras in this case what is the camera
of a samsung galaxy s 5 is phenomenal
excellent is one of the best that I have
had
I have the iphone 6 and I must say that the
of samsung galaxy is a thousand times better
good product as completely sent
free if the below in the description
There is the link of what this company is
You can get it on the website of
them for 69 dollars and 99 cents
let's say this 70 dollars let's see how
we can open this in a quick way
and effective and as we see as without
break it up really good let's see here
what's out came here is what is the
we are going to put a lens on the
part of the bottom the other in what is a
small cast to be able to save
our lens since this is an article
portable that we are going to have to use in
our pockets and bring what they are
some small covers of the lenses
the most it brings that we are going to put
aside a few small cards
presentation of social networks of the
company only clip on twitter and in
just click dotcom and on facebook created and
in instagram they are called just click and we
can they check if they want to see
this photos of
users doing this using what
are these lenses the good thing here is what
which is the product itself as you can see
the part of here in a pretty plastic
hard as I've seen reviewed I've
put to read a bit this attracts what
It is approximately two lenses per each
piece on what is each side so as
you can see look at these lenses are
removable to be able to remove them then
simply unscrew them moss and what
this results in us being able to use what
are the secondary lenses this is of
down here I do not know if I'm in it
correct one comes to be the fis eye and the
another I think it comes to be in a way
We will remove this lens
also and look, we can use what they are
these two lenses individually or
it works in the following way we have
that and we have what they are
an option of 15 macro or a zoom of 15 and
is this is the cool angol if you can
see here and it's 10 macros good not
specifies what are the options that brings
15 macro let's see if the camera we
help
if it gets faster than what
should be
ok then this one when installing it
well, it's a pretty plastic
hard which will allow us to have a
little more durability that's very
simple we put it this way
we'll see
we put this part first and then
we proceed to put what is the part of
down here we already have an option to use what
what is this lens and we are going to show you
this the different form of the one that took
photos although you would see what the lens is
what is
this cell phone as you can see here
we have a
its exceedingly strong the truth that
let's see if he manages to focus on something already
we have a paper around here you do not see my
hand I think the zoom is too much and the
camera like it costs a little
focus
let's see where the camera is fighting
no gentlemen i think this is the 15
macros and I'm not wrong and we're going to
proceed to put him for example a lens
to know how it is
we already put it and there are also gentlemen
this is like in fish mode there is no
I'm wrong there's no angle anymore
Panoramic can see the difference
what are the photos inclusive and about
everything I think here looks
a friend foot down here but good very
very but very good gentlemen gives us
a different option when taking
photos I consider that this kind of
covers is for those people who are
quite fanatical in which they are this
taking pictures and everything else since
this one gives us many options that
general, our cell phone does not bring them
good to use what is the other lens
we just put it in the part
contrary to what our cell phone is and
as you can see before we did not have to
this side now let's use what is
In contrast lens we will proceed to
put what is the other lens that comes
to be the white and gold wide angle
we simply roll it up gentlemen
and look there is not a little option
less this on the sides a little less
I think the other one was the 'pisha' and this
gives us a simple angle option
to this width we will proceed to remove it
and what is the option of photos because
they notice what is a little more zoom
let's see if it manages to focus the
phone
in something
it seems that no
to see then for some reason gentlemen not
I know if it's because of the camera's proximity
he manages to focus that with the lenses out
in absolutely nothing I have no idea why
what to expect I do not know if the
zoom or I have to focus things much more
far but the mere and with what are the
lenses on if it gives us this very
but that very good photo options
like this one that is for example the fis there
how can you put here here and
this other one that we have since that is the
white and work for some reason I do not know
why does not the 10 x work?
I do not know if it's supposed to work but
he just focuses it but well there
is gentlemen this brings its covers
let's put it upside down here so that
can you see this let's put this here
and the other one in this place can be this
the bag of
to be able to charge what are the lenses
you can in the case that we are not
what our cell using it
we just dismantled it and already
we proceed to save what is this
place is a bit expensive the product 70
dollars to the truth that you have to be
very, very fanatical what are the
photos upload many photos to your networks
social or work in the aspect of what
what is the photograph to pay 70
dollars so this product to the
very good quality this option is
different from mine at least it worked for me
only two options did not work for me or
the 10 x nor the 15 x only me
they worked what are the lenses themselves
we are doing something bad to you
but there is the product, gentlemen who
is in the description will be the
link to visit the website
if you are interested in him
and then I give it a seven it seems to me that
this is very limited the group of people
that they would use these types of products I think
that I repeat again those that are more
focused or addressed to what is
this the world or the business of the
photograph me with this step to say goodbye
gentlemen only clip tx we are force ending
products for me saw the way yesterday
heart in the charlotte in hawaii
bleistein with this I say goodbye gentlemen
until the next they leave a like if you
liked and anything that I forgot
some answer to why it did not work
the 10 x or the 15 x I would appreciate it
I would much put it in the box
comment will be until the next thank you
friends bye